hi I'm Melissa Darnay and you are
sipping with the wine maven if you love
Italian Chianti you're going to enjoy
today's show but first I'd like to
introduce you to today's guest Kathy
Erickson Kathy welcome thank you on
maven Kathy makes unique custom
creations in fact she engraved my logo
into this glass no I think this is so
cool I love it for so many reasons most
of the reasons I love them though
because I always know which one glass is
mine there's nothing worse than being at
a wine event and toward the end you have
no idea which glasses yours and you have
to make that judgment call am I gonna
drink it when I think it's mine am I
gonna waste the wine and get a new glass
neither one's a good choice so now I
always know which class is mine so
Kathleen what else do you do well I
would engrave pretty much anything I can
engrave pork and I can engrave tile I
make tissue boxes out of wood where you
can actually put a photograph on it or I
can put a photograph on it anything you
can think of I can probably do it
wonderful there's nothing like custom
now Kathy have a question for you if you
were to take a random poll of your
friends they would probably all have a
wonderful memory of friends food fun and
chianti would you agree I believe so yes
okay now if you were to pull those exact
same friends and ask them what they
thought of sangiovese e what do you
think their answer would be I don't
think they would know yeah they probably
wouldn't know what sanji of AC is well
here's where it gets really interesting
santi of AC and chianti are basically
exactly the same thing chianti is a
hundred percent century of AC that's
grown in the Chianti region of Italy so
the only difference is where the grapes
were grown if the grapes were grown in
what we call new world that's the United
States South America any of those would
be called sanji of a seat now most
people have never had a center of AC
especially one from California so we get
to have a real treat today because we're
going to try the 2009 new beau mousse
sanji of AC this is originally grown in
the Mendocino area of California and if
you're not familiar with where that is
it's about three hours north of San
Francisco are you ready to try it oh
this is the fun part okay let's go ahead
and swirl it in the beautiful wine maven
glasses oh yeah I always want to swirl
to open up that wine okay okay now let's
smell it I love how she smells that
seven big deal I oh she's so good I want
all my guests don't you like her it's
wonderful hey what do you smell I gotta
do it again okay do it again I'm a nerd
laughs okay it's okay to have fun when
you drink oh it's refreshing whatever it
is refreshing that's a good word for it
but this has a Roma's of cherry
strawberry a hint of leather and some
spice but not necessarily like black
pepper spice Oh like nutmeg spice now
when she says it's refreshing this also
makes a great patio pounder do you know
the patio pounder is I'm gonna want to
know right now it's what you drink glass
after glass uh oh my god patio during
this wonderful long summer months so
patio pounder we've learned something
new today absolutely so now we get to do
my favorite thing which is zip it okay
Oh what do you like that oh my gosh not
liking this sip this a lot absolutely a
lot of your Italian key aunties are
going to have a lot of earthiness to
them this one doesn't so much have
earthiness but it does have a lot of
fresh fruit as well as it has a silky
silky smooth finish and at only eighteen
dollars a bottle it's well within your
price point this this wine goes great
with so many different foods of course
any of your Italian foods easy things
like pizza pasta chicken parmesan all of
those are very easy to whip up yourself
and of course there's take out but our
own wonderful chef Stacey Wetzel of
k'dor 10 is going to show us something
easy that you can whip up any night of
the week Stacey welcome I Cathy hi
skinny oh and look at what you have for
us today simple meatballs everybody can
do meatballs and tell us how you made
those um well I just used what I had on
hand which today happen to me had some
beef pets and pork you can use any
variety meats you want to use a couple
different ones two different kinds of
tomatoes in the sauce so I just sauteed
those with some garlic and of course a
lot of red wine let it reduce and kind
of one of the keys to me balls is to fry
them fry them so I yep I thought I form
them I roll them in cake flour now
Wednesday nights what's the difference
between cake flow and regular flour it's
finer and it's gonna give us a nice
crust where those meatballs hold in
their flavor and they stay together see
how they daily like look good yes I do I
don't want to see them everyone wants to
eat them and I love how she put G wine
and and cooked it down and then put put
the meatballs I mean it just smells
amazing the other thing i like about
meatballs is you can pretty much make
them with everything you can have them
just like this you could have some
sauteed potatoes with them you could put
them in a sandwich so how easy our
meatballs without you take out make your
own if they want the recipe for this day
see how do they get the recipe well you
know what oddly usually the recipes are
on cater
ENCOM under the wine mavens recipes
however this one I didn't write because
i just used whatever i have and that's
kind of how i do meatballs i will write
one and put it up okay so we will have a
recipe online for you at cater 10.com
that's cater 10 the number 10.com look
wonderful wow she's just eating this
he's like wonderful and we forgot to
tell you what we want you to do is go
ahead and take take a bite of the
meatball and then beats going swallow it
we want you to pair it with the wine so
if you would that's actually how we
normally eat we put some stuff in our
mouth and then we're in sit down with
the wine usually we don't break it down
no usually don't think about it you just
do it way to think about that pairing
mMmmm recipe I'm welcome in school right
here today's a happy day and the recipe
will be up before the end of the week so
there you have it Kathy how can people
get a hold of you you can visit my
website at engraved to perfection calm
that's right you can get your own custom
gift it's always makes a great
impression and of course don't forget to
ask for your own personal wine maven
glass until next time Cheers
you